chore(new RWD): created step 42 in building a form (#46542)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-forms-by-building-a-registration-form/62ac9e72adf8e20ec1008da0.md

---
id: 62ac9e72adf8e20ec1008da0
title: Step 42
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-42
---

# --description--

The last border looks a little out of place. You can select the last
element of a specific type using the `last-of-type` CSS pseudo-class, like this: 

```
p:last-of-type { }
```

That will select the last `p` element. Create a new selector that targets the last `fieldset` element and set its `border-bottom` to `none`.

# --hints--

> You can use the `:last-of-type` pseudo-class to select all but the last element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `:last-of-type` pseudo-class to select only the last element.
```

```js
assert.exists(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('fieldset:last-of-type'));
```

> 

Reviewer: Missing test text

Author: I can't emote because I am using the phone, so here👍. Think back do I actually need to emote.🤔

---
id: 62ac9e72adf8e20ec1008da0
title: Step 42
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-42
---

# --description--

The border of the last element looks a little out of place. You can select the last element of a specific type using the `last-of-type` CSS pseudo-class, like this: 

```
p:last-of-type { }
```

That will select the last `p` element. Create a new selector that targets the last `fieldset` element and set its `border-bottom` to `none`.

# --hints--

You can use the `:last-of-type` pseudo-class to select only the last element of a certain type.

```js
assert.exists(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('fieldset:last-of-type'));
```

> Your `fieldset:last-of-type` should have `border-bottom` set as `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `fieldset:last-of-type` should have `border-bottom` set to `none`.
```

maybe?

---
id: 62ac9e72adf8e20ec1008da0
title: Step 42
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-42
---

# --description--

> The last border looks a little out of place. You can select the last
> element of a specific type using the `last-of-type` CSS pseudo-class, like this: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The border of the last element looks a little out of place. You can select the last element of a specific type using the `last-of-type` CSS pseudo-class, like this: 
```

Not to new line!
